Index of InstallTheNewSource fixed up (#185)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-Installation: Documentation/Upgrade/InstallTheNewSource/Index.rst

.. caution::

>    TYPO3 v9 LTS has no support for the package `typo3/cms` anymore—instead

Author: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dash#Em_dash

>    TYPO3 v9 LTS has no support for the package `typo3/cms` anymore—instead
>    all TYPO3 system extensions are now single packages. When upgrading, remove

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   TYPO3 v9 LTS no longer supports the package `typo3/cms`. 
   All TYPO3 system extensions are now single packages. When upgrading, remove
```
I think we can remove the emdash issue entirely.

>    the `typo3/cms` package and use require to fetch the single packages you need.

Author: ```suggestion
   the `typo3/cms` package and procure the packages you need by fetching them individually.
```

Reviewer: Here, would we put require in backticks?

Author: Is it a program?

To find the matching extension versions you can go to `packagist.org
<https://packagist.org/>`_, search for your extension and take a look at the

> "requires" section.

Author: ```suggestion
"Requires" section.
```
?

.. tip::

   The list of system extensions developed directly in the TYPO3 core repository
   changes from time to time: Some extensions are merged into others, new system extensions
   are added, and others abandoned or released to the public (and therefore maintained at a
   different place).

>    You will find info on the details in this `list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You will find information on the details in this `list
```

   For the Core Updater to work, the following setup is required:

>    * It only works in Unix-like systems (including macOS).

Author: As per https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS

   * :file:`typo3_src` must be a symlink.

   * This symlink needs to be writable (and deletable) by the web-server user.

   * The document root needs to be writable.

   * One path above document root (:file:`../`) needs to be writable (creation
   of new directories must be allowed).

>    * The :program:`tar` command must be available (for extracting the Source

Author: ```suggestion
   * The :program:`tar` command must be available (for extracting the source
```
Like on line 185. Otherwise: ""Source" package"?

   SetEnv TYPO3_DISABLE_CORE_UPDATER 1

> or for NGINX:

Author: As per https://www.nginx.com/

Go to `http://typo3.org/download/ <http://typo3.org/download/>`_ and download
the source package of the new TYPO3 version.

> Extract the package on your web server and—in your TYPO3 document root,

Author: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dash#Em_dash

> Extract the package on your web server and—in your TYPO3 document root,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extract the package on your web server and, in your TYPO3 document root,
```
Here we just need to surround the phrase with commas.

adjust the :file:`typo3_src` symlink.

What's the Next Step?
=====================

> In case you performed a *minor update*, e.g. from TYPO3 9.5.0 to 9.5.1, database

Author: I would call this an upgrade (in the Debian sense), but it is probably "update" elsewhere.

updates are usually *not* necessary, though you still have to
:ref:`remove the temporary cache files <remove-temporary-cache-files>`. After
that your update is finished.

.. note::

   Make sure to read the release notes of even the minor versions carefully. While

>    great is taken to keep the minor updates as easy as possible, (especially

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   great care is taken to keep the minor updates as easy as possible, (especially
```

   when releasing security updates) more steps might be necessary.

In case of a *major update*, e.g. from TYPO3 8.7 to 9.5, go ahead with the next
step!

> Also check out any breaking changes listed in `Changelog

Author: ```suggestion
Also check out any breaking changes listed in the `Changelog
```
